id	superkingdom	phylum	class	order	family	genus	species
ti|186801	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia				
ti|91061	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli				
ti|526524	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia				
ti|1737404	Bacteria	Bacillota	Tissierellia				
ti|909932	Bacteria	Bacillota	Negativicutes				
ti|1760	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes				
ti|3028117	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae				
ti|31969	Bacteria	Mycoplasmatota	Mollicutes				
ti|1236	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria				
ti|28216	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Betaproteobacteria				
ti|28211	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria				
ti|117743	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia				
ti|200643	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia				
ti|768503	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia				
ti|117747	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Sphingobacteriia				
ti|1853228	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Chitinophagia				
ti|203490	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia				
ti|3031852	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Epsilonproteobacteria				
ti|203692	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia				
ti|1553900	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia				
ti|67799	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriota	Thermodesulfobacteria				
ti|3024418	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriota	Desulfobacteria				
ti|649775	Bacteria	Synergistota	Synergistia				
ti|3002443	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobiota	Thermodesulfobiia				
ti|40674	Eukaryota	Chordata	Mammalia				
ti|224756	Archaea	Methanobacteriota	Methanomicrobia				
ti|183963	Archaea	Methanobacteriota	Halobacteria				
ti|183939	Archaea	Methanobacteriota	Methanococci				
ti|1643678	Archaea	Nitrososphaerota	Nitrososphaeria				
ti|186803	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae		
ti|1185407	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Defluviitaleaceae		
ti|3018741	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Cellulosilyticaceae		
ti|2603322	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Vallitaleaceae		
ti|216572	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae		
ti|31979	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae		
ti|543314	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Eubacteriales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis		
ti|186806	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Eubacteriaceae		
ti|3082771	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Acutalibacteraceae		
ti|2937909	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Desulfitobacteriaceae		
ti|68298	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Syntrophomonadaceae		
ti|31984	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Heliobacteriaceae		
ti|186807	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Peptococcaceae		
ti|186804	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Peptostreptococcaceae		
ti|3030910	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Anaerovoracaceae		
ti|3118657	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Thermotaleaceae		
ti|3118656	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Natronincolaceae		
ti|186814	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae		
ti|485255	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Natranaerobiales	Natranaerobiaceae		
ti|186817	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae		
ti|186822	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae		
ti|90964	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae		
ti|186823	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Alicyclobacillaceae		
ti|186818	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae		
ti|186820	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae		
ti|1300	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae		
ti|33958	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae		
ti|81852	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae		
ti|186828	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae		
ti|128827	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae		
ti|2810280	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Coprobacillaceae		
ti|2810281	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Turicibacteraceae		
ti|1570339	Bacteria	Bacillota	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae		
ti|2992719	Bacteria	Bacillota	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Tepidimicrobiaceae		
ti|1737406	Bacteria	Bacillota	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Tissierellaceae		
ti|909930	Bacteria	Bacillota	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae		
ti|1843491	Bacteria	Bacillota	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae		
ti|31953	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae		
ti|1762	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Mycobacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae		
ti|1653	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Mycobacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae		
ti|2062	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Kitasatosporales	Streptomycetaceae		
ti|2049	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae		
ti|85019	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae		
ti|2070	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae		
ti|31957	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae		
ti|1892263	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Nostocales	Hapalosiphonaceae		
ti|1892259	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Nostocales	Aphanizomenonaceae		
ti|1890500	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Pleurocapsales	Hyellaceae		
ti|1890436	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Pseudanabaenales	Pseudanabaenaceae		
ti|1890438	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Leptolyngbyales	Leptolyngbyaceae		
ti|2881426	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Synechococcales	Prochlorococcaceae		
ti|2895623	Bacteria	Mycoplasmatota		Mycoplasmoidales	Metamycoplasmataceae		
ti|2790998	Bacteria	Mycoplasmatota		Mycoplasmoidales	Mycoplasmoidaceae		
ti|2131	Bacteria	Mycoplasmatota	Mollicutes	Entomoplasmatales	Spiroplasmataceae		
ti|543	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae		
ti|1903414	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Morganellaceae		
ti|1903409	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Erwiniaceae		
ti|135620	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae		
ti|2066474	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Endozoicomonadaceae		
ti|403	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylococcaceae		
ti|32033	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Lysobacterales	Lysobacteraceae		
ti|34064	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Francisellaceae		
ti|267888	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae		
ti|712	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae		
ti|641	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae		
ti|119060	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae		
ti|41294	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria	Hyphomicrobiales	Nitrobacteraceae		
ti|2854170	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Roseobacteraceae		
ti|49546	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae		
ti|2762318	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae		
ti|39782	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Blattabacteriaceae		
ti|815	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae		
ti|2005473	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae		
ti|171552	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae		
ti|2005525	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Tannerellaceae		
ti|1471398	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Marinilabiliales	Prolixibacteraceae		
ti|563798	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae		
ti|1937968	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Bernardetiaceae		
ti|2896860	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Spirosomataceae		
ti|1853232	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae		
ti|84566	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae		
ti|563835	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae		
ti|203492	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae		
ti|1129771	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae		
ti|72293	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae		
ti|2808963	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae		
ti|72294	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae		
ti|2771471	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurimonadaceae		
ti|1643685	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae		
ti|2845253	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Treponemataceae		
ti|2791015	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Sphaerochaetaceae		
ti|170	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae		
ti|188711	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriota	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriales	Thermodesulfobacteriaceae		
ti|213119	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae		
ti|3029088	Bacteria	Synergistota	Synergistia	Synergistales	Dethiosulfovibrionaceae		
ti|227387	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobiota	Thermodesulfobiia	Thermodesulfobiales	Thermodesulfobiaceae		
ti|9604	Eukaryota	Chordata	Mammalia	Primates	Hominidae		
ti|88404	Archaea	Methanobacteriota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanocorpusculaceae		
ti|1963268	Archaea	Methanobacteriota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Haloarculaceae		
ti|196117	Archaea	Methanobacteriota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanocaldococcaceae		
ti|338190	Archaea	Nitrososphaerota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae		
ti|841	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	
ti|1766253	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Agathobacter	
ti|207244	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Anaerostipes	
ti|2719313	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Enterocloster	
ti|2944193	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Simiaoa	
ti|2944152	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Wujia	
ti|572511	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	
ti|2569097	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Anaerobutyricum	
ti|2316020	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Mediterraneibacter	
ti|830	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	
ti|189330	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Dorea	
ti|28050	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospira	
ti|1506553	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	
ti|33042	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Coprococcus	
ti|2944195	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Qiania	
ti|2719231	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lacrimispora	
ti|248744	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Marvinbryantia	
ti|1769710	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Sellimonas	
ti|3024823	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Anaeromicropila	
ti|1843210	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Anaerocolumna	
ti|46205	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Pseudobutyrivibrio	
ti|2163168	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Kineothrix	
ti|3031933	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Chordicoccus	
ti|1663717	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Herbinix	
ti|2888809	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Novisyntrophococcus	
ti|2944198	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Wansuia	
ti|3076670	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Claveliimonas	
ti|1164882	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoanaerobaculum	
ti|1185408	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Defluviitaleaceae	Defluviitalea	
ti|698776	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Cellulosilyticaceae	Cellulosilyticum	
ti|1348611	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Vallitaleaceae	Vallitalea	
ti|216851	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Faecalibacterium	
ti|2892396	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Vescimonas	
ti|1905344	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Ruthenibacterium	
ti|292632	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Subdoligranulum	
ti|1263	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Ruminococcus	
ti|459786	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter	
ti|2591381	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Dysosmobacter	
ti|2892397	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Pusillibacter	
ti|946234	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Flavonifractor	
ti|2304687	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Petroclostridium	
ti|1508657	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Ruminiclostridium	
ti|2842531	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Solibaculum	
ti|244127	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Anaerotruncus	
ti|35829	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Acetivibrio	
ti|1485	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	
ti|1649459	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Hungatella	
ti|1434026	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Oceanirhabdus	
ti|1266	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Sarcina	
ti|1848399	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Crassaminicella	
ti|2717089	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales		Massilistercora	
ti|1392389	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales		Intestinimonas	
ti|415014	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales		Proteiniborus	
ti|2886866	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Eubacteriales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	Sinanaerobacter	
ti|1730	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	
ti|1918385	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Acutalibacteraceae	Acutalibacter	
ti|36853	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Desulfitobacteriaceae	Desulfitobacterium	
ti|2293313	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Syntrophomonadaceae	Candidatus Syntrophocurvum	
ti|79598	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Heliobacteriaceae	Heliorestis	
ti|51514	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Peptococcaceae	Dehalobacterium	
ti|1870884	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Clostridioides	
ti|1849822	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Paraclostridium	
ti|1501226	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Romboutsia	
ti|1505652	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Terrisporobacter	
ti|1926556	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Anaerovoracaceae	Emergencia	
ti|86331	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Anaerovoracaceae	Mogibacterium	
ti|390805	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Thermotaleaceae	Geosporobacter	
ti|114627	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Natronincolaceae	Alkaliphilus	
ti|28895	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Thermoanaerobacterium	
ti|375928	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Natranaerobiales	Natranaerobiaceae	Natranaerobius	
ti|1386	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	
ti|1329200	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Fictibacillus	
ti|2837504	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Heyndrickxia	
ti|2837508	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Rossellomorea	
ti|1494427	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Tepidibacillus	
ti|289201	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Pontibacillus	
ti|2675232	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Neobacillus	
ti|400634	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Lysinibacillus	
ti|1221880	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Psychrobacillus	
ti|44249	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	
ti|55080	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Brevibacillus	
ti|329857	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Cohnella	
ti|1279	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	
ti|432330	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Alicyclobacillaceae	Tumebacillus	
ti|29330	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Alicyclobacillaceae	Alicyclobacillus	
ti|648800	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Solibacillus	
ti|651660	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Paenisporosarcina	
ti|2755	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Brochothrix	
ti|1301	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	
ti|2767887	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Ligilactobacillus	
ti|2767879	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Companilactobacillus	
ti|1578	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	
ti|2742598	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Limosilactobacillus	
ti|1350	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	
ti|2747	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium	
ti|2749267	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Amedibacterium	
ti|2679910	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Intestinibaculum	
ti|123375	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Solobacterium	
ti|135858	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Coprobacillaceae	Catenibacterium	
ti|191303	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Turicibacteraceae	Turicibacter	
ti|150022	Bacteria	Bacillota	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Finegoldia	
ti|1354809	Bacteria	Bacillota	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Tepidimicrobiaceae	Keratinibaculum	
ti|33024	Bacteria	Bacillota	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Phascolarctobacterium	
ti|864	Bacteria	Bacillota	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Pectinatus	
ti|1678	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	
ti|1866885	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Mycobacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycolicibacterium	
ti|1716	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Mycobacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	
ti|1883	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Kitasatosporales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	
ti|2063	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Kitasatosporales	Streptomycetaceae	Kitasatospora	
ti|1069494	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Trueperella	
ti|1696	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium	
ti|1835	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharopolyspora	
ti|203133	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionimicrobium	
ti|1190	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Nostocales	Hapalosiphonaceae	Fischerella	
ti|752201	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Nostocales	Aphanizomenonaceae	Sphaerospermopsis	
ti|44474	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Pleurocapsales	Hyellaceae	Pleurocapsa	
ti|1152	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Pseudanabaenales	Pseudanabaenaceae	Pseudanabaena	
ti|1874526	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Leptolyngbyales	Leptolyngbyaceae	Kovacikia	
ti|1218	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Synechococcales	Prochlorococcaceae	Prochlorococcus	
ti|2895509	Bacteria	Mycoplasmatota		Mycoplasmoidales	Metamycoplasmataceae	Metamycoplasma	
ti|2995234	Bacteria	Mycoplasmatota		Mycoplasmoidales	Mycoplasmoidaceae	Mycoplasmoides	
ti|2132	Bacteria	Mycoplasmatota	Mollicutes	Entomoplasmatales	Spiroplasmataceae	Spiroplasma	
ti|547	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	
ti|570	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Klebsiella	
ti|561	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Escherichia	
ti|544	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Citrobacter	
ti|1330547	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Kosakonia	
ti|2815296	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Jejubacter	
ti|158851	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Trabulsiella	
ti|83654	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Leclercia	
ti|1903434	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Atlantibacter	
ti|579	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Kluyvera	
ti|586	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Morganellaceae	Providencia	
ti|583	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Morganellaceae	Proteus	
ti|32199	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Erwiniaceae	Buchnera	
ti|53335	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Erwiniaceae	Pantoea	
ti|515417	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Amphritea	
ti|28253	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Marinomonas	
ti|305899	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Endozoicomonadaceae	Endozoicomonas	
ti|416	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylococcaceae	Methylomonas	
ti|68	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Lysobacterales	Lysobacteraceae	Lysobacter	
ti|40323	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Lysobacterales	Lysobacteraceae	Stenotrophomonas	
ti|262	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Francisellaceae	Francisella	
ti|53246	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	
ti|2042066	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Paraphotobacterium	
ti|106589	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Cupriavidus	
ti|44013	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Polynucleobacter	
ti|33055	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Betaproteobacteria			Candidatus Kinetoplastibacterium	
ti|374	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria	Hyphomicrobiales	Nitrobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium	
ti|302485	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Roseobacteraceae	Phaeobacter	
ti|237	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	
ti|104267	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum	
ti|291183	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lacinutrix	
ti|261827	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Algibacter	
ti|52959	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter	
ti|2861660	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudalgibacter	
ti|2913017	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aggregatimonas	
ti|112040	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Zobellia	
ti|1386924	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aestuariibaculum	
ti|76831	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Myroides	
ti|308865	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Elizabethkingia	
ti|501783	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Cloacibacterium	
ti|1778601	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Apibacter	
ti|34098	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Blattabacteriaceae	Blattabacterium	
ti|816	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	
ti|1918540	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	Muribaculum	
ti|2974251	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Segatella	
ti|375288	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Tannerellaceae	Parabacteroides	
ti|1471399	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Marinilabiliales	Prolixibacteraceae	Draconibacterium	
ti|246875	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus	
ti|1937972	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Bernardetiaceae	Bernardetia	
ti|105	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Spirosomataceae	Runella	
ti|89966	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter	
ti|84567	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter	
ti|28453	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium	
ti|423349	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Mucilaginibacter	
ti|79328	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Chitinophaga	
ti|1769012	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Arachidicoccus	
ti|848	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	
ti|167639	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Ilyobacter	
ti|32067	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia	
ti|34104	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Streptobacillus	
ti|209	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	
ti|2321111	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	
ti|194	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	
ti|202746	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurimonadaceae	Sulfurimonas	
ti|138	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borrelia	
ti|64895	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borreliella	
ti|157	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Treponemataceae	Treponema	
ti|399320	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Sphaerochaetaceae	Sphaerochaeta	
ti|171	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	
ti|495819	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Silvanigrellales		Spirobacillus	
ti|1740	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriota	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriales	Thermodesulfobacteriaceae	Thermodesulfobacterium	
ti|2289	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfobacter	
ti|638847	Bacteria	Synergistota	Synergistia	Synergistales	Dethiosulfovibrionaceae	Pyramidobacter	
ti|227388	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobiota	Thermodesulfobiia	Thermodesulfobiales	Thermodesulfobiaceae	Thermodesulfobium	
ti|9605	Eukaryota	Chordata	Mammalia	Primates	Hominidae	Homo	
ti|2192	Archaea	Methanobacteriota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanocorpusculaceae	Methanocorpusculum	
ti|2237	Archaea	Methanobacteriota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Haloarculaceae	Haloarcula	
ti|196118	Archaea	Methanobacteriota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanocaldococcaceae	Methanocaldococcus	
ti|338191	Archaea	Nitrososphaerota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilus	
ti|3085636	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales			
ti|186802	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales			
ti|3082720	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales			
ti|68295	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales			
ti|485256	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Natranaerobiales			
ti|1385	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales			
ti|186826	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales			
ti|526525	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales			
ti|1737405	Bacteria	Bacillota	Tissierellia	Tissierellales			
ti|1843488	Bacteria	Bacillota	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales			
ti|909929	Bacteria	Bacillota	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales			
ti|85004	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Bifidobacteriales			
ti|85007	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Mycobacteriales			
ti|85011	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Kitasatosporales			
ti|2037	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Actinomycetales			
ti|85006	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Micrococcales			
ti|85012	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Streptosporangiales			
ti|85010	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Pseudonocardiales			
ti|85009	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Propionibacteriales			
ti|1161	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Nostocales			
ti|52604	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Pleurocapsales			
ti|2881377	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Pseudanabaenales			
ti|3079749	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Leptolyngbyales			
ti|1890424	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Synechococcales			
ti|2790996	Bacteria	Mycoplasmatota		Mycoplasmoidales			
ti|186328	Bacteria	Mycoplasmatota	Mollicutes	Entomoplasmatales			
ti|91347	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales			
ti|135619	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales			
ti|135618	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales			
ti|135614	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Lysobacterales			
ti|72273	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales			
ti|135622	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales			
ti|135625	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales			
ti|135623	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales			
ti|80840	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales			
ti|356	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria	Hyphomicrobiales			
ti|204455	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales			
ti|200644	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales			
ti|171549	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales			
ti|1970189	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Marinilabiliales			
ti|768507	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales			
ti|200666	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales			
ti|1853229	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales			
ti|203491	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales			
ti|213849	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales			
ti|136	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales			
ti|1643688	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales			
ti|2024973	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Silvanigrellales			
ti|188710	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriota	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriales			
ti|213118	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales			
ti|649776	Bacteria	Synergistota	Synergistia	Synergistales			
ti|3002444	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobiota	Thermodesulfobiia	Thermodesulfobiales			
ti|9443	Eukaryota	Chordata	Mammalia	Primates			
ti|2191	Archaea	Methanobacteriota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales			
ti|2235	Archaea	Methanobacteriota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales			
ti|2182	Archaea	Methanobacteriota	Methanococci	Methanococcales			
ti|31932	Archaea	Nitrososphaerota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales			
ti|1239	Bacteria	Bacillota					
ti|201174	Bacteria	Actinomycetota					
ti|1117	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota					
ti|544448	Bacteria	Mycoplasmatota					
ti|1224	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota					
ti|976	Bacteria	Bacteroidota					
ti|32066	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota					
ti|29547	Bacteria	Campylobacterota					
ti|203691	Bacteria	Spirochaetota					
ti|3018035	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota					
ti|200940	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriota					
ti|508458	Bacteria	Synergistota					
ti|3002442	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobiota					
ti|7711	Eukaryota	Chordata					
ti|28890	Archaea	Methanobacteriota					
ti|651137	Archaea	Nitrososphaerota					
ti|166486	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	Roseburia intestinalis
ti|2763062	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	Roseburia rectibacter
ti|301301	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	Roseburia hominis
ti|1261634	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	Roseburia sp. 499
ti|1261635	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	Roseburia sp. 831b
ti|39491	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Agathobacter	Agathobacter rectalis
ti|649756	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Anaerostipes	Anaerostipes hadrus
ti|208479	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Enterocloster	Enterocloster bolteae
ti|1531	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Enterocloster	Enterocloster clostridioformis
ti|333367	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Enterocloster	Enterocloster asparagiformis
ti|2763672	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Simiaoa	Simiaoa sunii
ti|2763670	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Wujia	Wujia chipingensis
ti|89014	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia luti
ti|40520	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia obeum
ti|2779518	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia liquoris
ti|418240	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia wexlerae
ti|33035	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia producta
ti|1532	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia coccoides
ti|1322	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia hansenii
ti|2479767	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia sp. SC05B48
ti|1912897	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia argi
ti|1796616	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia pseudococcoides
ti|53443	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia hydrogenotrophica
ti|39488	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Anaerobutyricum	Anaerobutyricum hallii
ti|33038	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Mediterraneibacter	Mediterraneibacter gnavus
ti|33039	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Mediterraneibacter	[Ruminococcus] torques
ti|46228	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Mediterraneibacter	[Ruminococcus] lactaris
ti|45851	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Eshraghiella	Eshraghiella crossota
ti|831	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens
ti|88431	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Dorea	Dorea longicatena
ti|39486	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Dorea	Dorea formicigenerans
ti|39485	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospira	Lachnospira eligens
ti|29347	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] scindens
ti|89153	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] hylemonae
ti|1871021	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Lachnoclostridium phocaeense
ti|410072	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Coprococcus	Coprococcus comes
ti|33043	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Coprococcus	Coprococcus eutactus
ti|116085	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Coprococcus	Coprococcus catus
ti|751585	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Coprococcus	Coprococcus sp. ART55/1
ti|2763669	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Qiania	Qiania dongpingensis
ti|84030	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lacrimispora	Lacrimispora saccharolytica
ti|168384	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Marvinbryantia	Marvinbryantia formatexigens
ti|1653434	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Sellimonas	Sellimonas intestinalis
ti|2785025	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Anaeromicropila	Anaeromicropila herbilytica
ti|433286	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Anaerocolumna	Anaerocolumna cellulosilytica
ti|3039116	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Anaerocolumna	Anaerocolumna sp. AGMB13025
ti|185007	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Pseudobutyrivibrio	Pseudobutyrivibrio xylanivorans
ti|3123317	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Kineothrix	Kineothrix sp. IPX-CK
ti|2709410	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Chordicoccus	Chordicoccus furentiruminis
ti|1679721	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Herbinix	Herbinix luporum
ti|2068655	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Novisyntrophococcus	Novisyntrophococcus fermenticellae
ti|2763667	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Wansuia	Wansuia hejianensis
ti|3028070	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Claveliimonas	Claveliimonas bilis
ti|617123	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoanaerobaculum	Lachnoanaerobaculum umeaense
ti|879970	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Defluviitaleaceae	Defluviitalea	Defluviitalea saccharophila
ti|1348613	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Vallitaleaceae	Vallitalea	Vallitalea pronyensis
ti|411483	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium duncaniae
ti|853	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium prausnitzii
ti|2929489	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium sp. IP-3-29
ti|2929490	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium sp. I2-3-92
ti|2929492	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium sp. I3-3-33
ti|2929488	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium sp. IP-1-18
ti|2929494	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium sp. I4-1-79
ti|2929493	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium sp. I3-3-89
ti|2929491	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium wellingii
ti|2929495	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium sp. I4-3-84
ti|2714353	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Vescimonas	Vescimonas fastidiosa
ti|2714355	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Vescimonas	Vescimonas coprocola
ti|1550024	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Ruthenibacterium	Ruthenibacterium lactatiformans
ti|214851	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Subdoligranulum	Subdoligranulum variabile
ti|512298	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Subdoligranulum	uncultured Subdoligranulum sp.
ti|657323	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus sp. SR1/5
ti|1161942	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus champanellensis
ti|2763056	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter	Oscillibacter hominis
ti|2093857	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Dysosmobacter	Dysosmobacter welbionis
ti|2714358	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Pusillibacter	Pusillibacter faecalis
ti|292800	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Flavonifractor	Flavonifractor plautii
ti|3045146	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Petroclostridium	Petroclostridium sp. X23
ti|2488810	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Ruminiclostridium	Ruminiclostridium herbifermentans
ti|2780922	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Solibaculum	Solibaculum mannosilyticum
ti|169435	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Anaerotruncus	Anaerotruncus colihominis
ti|1515	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Acetivibrio	Acetivibrio thermocellus
ti|411486	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. M62/1
ti|97138	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. MD294
ti|3070996	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. MB40-C1
ti|2930219	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. BJN0001
ti|1702238	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. MF28
ti|1155388	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. C1
ti|641107	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. DL-VIII
ti|1502	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium perfringens
ti|238834	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium estertheticum
ti|394958	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium taeniosporum
ti|29341	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium argentinense
ti|36845	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium intestinale
ti|1716543	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium thermarum
ti|36839	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium felsineum
ti|1491	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium botulinum
ti|169679	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium saccharobutylicum
ti|217159	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium carboxidivorans
ti|1501	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium pasteurianum
ti|154046	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Hungatella	Hungatella hathewayi
ti|2999116	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Oceanirhabdus	Oceanirhabdus sp. W0125-5
ti|2726954	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Sarcina	Sarcina sp. JB2
ti|2855394	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Crassaminicella	Crassaminicella indica
ti|2086584	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales		Massilistercora	Massilistercora timonensis
ti|1297617	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales		Intestinimonas	Intestinimonas butyriciproducens
ti|3050072	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales		Proteiniborus	Proteiniborus sp. MB09-C3
ti|3111540	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Eubacteriales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	Sinanaerobacter	Sinanaerobacter sp. ZZT-01
ti|39496	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium ventriosum
ti|2841528	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium sp. MSJ-33
ti|53442	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium callanderi
ti|1796620	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Acutalibacteraceae	Acutalibacter	Acutalibacter muris
ti|233055	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Desulfitobacteriaceae	Desulfitobacterium	Desulfitobacterium dichloroeliminans
ti|2293317	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Syntrophomonadaceae	Candidatus Syntrophocurvum	Candidatus Syntrophocurvum alkaliphilum
ti|356322	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Heliobacteriaceae	Heliorestis	Heliorestis convoluta
ti|51515	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Peptococcaceae	Dehalobacterium	Dehalobacterium formicoaceticum
ti|1496	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Clostridioides	Clostridioides difficile
ti|1505	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Paraclostridium	Paraclostridium sordellii
ti|1490	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Paraclostridium	Paraclostridium bifermentans
ti|2724150	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Romboutsia	Romboutsia sp. CE17
ti|3114296	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Anaerovoracaceae	Emergencia	Emergencia sp. JLR.KK010
ti|114527	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Anaerovoracaceae	Mogibacterium	Mogibacterium diversum
ti|114528	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Anaerovoracaceae	Mogibacterium	Mogibacterium neglectum
ti|1424294	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Thermotaleaceae	Geosporobacter	Geosporobacter ferrireducens
ti|208226	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Natronincolaceae	Alkaliphilus	Alkaliphilus metalliredigens
ti|1550240	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Thermoanaerobacterium	Thermoanaerobacterium sp. RBIITD
ti|375929	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Natranaerobiales	Natranaerobiaceae	Natranaerobius	Natranaerobius thermophilus
ti|2054641	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus stercoris
ti|1423	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus subtilis
ti|72361	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus vallismortis
ti|483913	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus inaquosorum
ti|96241	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus spizizenii
ti|227866	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus tequilensis
ti|492670	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus velezensis
ti|659243	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus siamensis
ti|1390	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus amyloliquefaciens
ti|1452	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus atrophaeus
ti|260554	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus halotolerans
ti|72360	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus mojavensis
ti|1648923	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus paralicheniformis
ti|1402	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus licheniformis
ti|2809036	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. LJBS06
ti|1127744	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. JS
ti|2009331	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. MD-5
ti|2070759	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. MBGLi79
ti|2921470	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FSL K6-1366
ti|2975304	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FSL R5-0523
ti|2921456	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FSL K6-0993
ti|745774	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. K1
ti|2975299	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FSL R5-0416
ti|2975293	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FSL K6-1560
ti|2762329	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. PAMC26543
ti|2093834	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. ZY-1-1
ti|2921564	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FSL M8-0025
ti|2954588	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FSL R5-0560
ti|2975302	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FSL R5-0443
ti|2921574	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FSL P4-0290
ti|2921567	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FSL M8-0071
ti|2954722	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. PS217
ti|2859227	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. LJBS17
ti|2954725	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. PS108
ti|2954720	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. PS196
ti|2954721	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. PS210
ti|2975298	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FSL L8-0358
ti|486398	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. S3
ti|467262	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. T3
ti|2014076	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FJAT-42376
ti|2587848	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. THAF10
ti|2888526	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. BC1-43
ti|2921565	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FSL M8-0054
ti|2448811	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. WR11
ti|2921523	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FSL L8-0528
ti|98228	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. OxB-1
ti|2928154	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. ZJS3
ti|2954678	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FSL K6-1012
ti|563169	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. SJ-10
ti|2487276	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus cabrialesii
ti|2715209	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus rugosus
ti|1428	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus thuringiensis
ti|1405	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus mycoides
ti|1890302	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus wiedmannii
ti|64104	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus pseudomycoides
ti|1396	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus cereus
ti|1408	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus pumilus
ti|1664069	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus glycinifermentans
ti|1925020	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus swezeyi
ti|1441095	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus gobiensis
ti|561879	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus safensis
ti|1547283	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus weihaiensis
ti|2728853	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus fonticola
ti|1471	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus methanolicus
ti|2991053	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Fictibacillus	Fictibacillus sp. KU28468
ti|3118174	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Rossellomorea	Rossellomorea sp. y25
ti|189381	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Rossellomorea	Rossellomorea marisflavi
ti|3131995	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Tepidibacillus	Tepidibacillus marianensis
ti|265426	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Pontibacillus	Pontibacillus chungwhensis
ti|2954672	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Neobacillus	Neobacillus sp. FSL H8-0543
ti|2283160	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Psychrobacillus	Psychrobacillus glaciei
ti|2020716	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus konkukensis
ti|2895946	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. MMS20-IR301
ti|1393	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Brevibacillus	Brevibacillus brevis
ti|2674991	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Cohnella	Cohnella candidum
ti|1283	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus haemolyticus
ti|2282419	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus pseudoxylosus
ti|308354	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus simiae
ti|1903704	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Alicyclobacillaceae	Tumebacillus	Tumebacillus avium
ti|2921639	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Solibacillus	Solibacillus sp. FSL R5-0449
ti|2320858	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Paenisporosarcina	Paenisporosarcina cavernae
ti|2756	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Brochothrix	Brochothrix thermosphacta
ti|1307	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus suis
ti|1303	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus oralis
ti|3028082	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. 29896
ti|1622	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Ligilactobacillus	Ligilactobacillus murinus
ti|83526	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Companilactobacillus	Companilactobacillus paralimentarius
ti|1598	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Limosilactobacillus	Limosilactobacillus reuteri
ti|44008	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus cecorum
ti|2748	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium	Carnobacterium divergens
ti|2583452	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Amedibacterium	Amedibacterium intestinale
ti|2487118	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Intestinibaculum	Intestinibaculum porci
ti|102148	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Solobacterium	Solobacterium moorei
ti|2478954	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Coprobacillaceae	Catenibacterium	Catenibacterium sp. co_0103
ti|100886	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Coprobacillaceae	Catenibacterium	Catenibacterium mitsuokai
ti|1260	Bacteria	Bacillota	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Finegoldia	Finegoldia magna
ti|1278232	Bacteria	Bacillota	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Tepidimicrobiaceae	Keratinibaculum	Keratinibaculum paraultunense
ti|2823317	Bacteria	Bacillota	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Phascolarctobacterium	Phascolarctobacterium sp. Marseille-Q4147
ti|865	Bacteria	Bacillota	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Pectinatus	Pectinatus frisingensis
ti|216816	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium longum
ti|28026	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium pseudocatenulatum
ti|2983222	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium sp. ESL0732
ti|1286180	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Mycobacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycolicibacterium	Mycolicibacterium sediminis
ti|258224	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Mycobacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium resistens
ti|2548456	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Kitasatosporales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces aquilus
ti|1661	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Trueperella	Trueperella pyogenes
ti|629680	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium	Brevibacterium sandarakinum
ti|524884	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharopolyspora	Saccharopolyspora rosea
ti|3052086	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionimicrobium	Propionimicrobium sp. PCR01-08-3
ti|1752063	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Nostocales	Hapalosiphonaceae	Fischerella	Fischerella sp. NIES-3754
ti|984207	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Nostocales	Aphanizomenonaceae	Sphaerospermopsis	Sphaerospermopsis torques-reginae
ti|118163	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Pleurocapsales	Hyellaceae	Pleurocapsa	Pleurocapsa sp. PCC 7327
ti|3040204	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Pleurocapsales	Hyellaceae	Pleurocapsa	Pleurocapsa sp. FMAR1
ti|71190	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Pseudanabaenales	Pseudanabaenaceae	Pseudanabaena	Pseudanabaena mucicola
ti|2931930	Bacteria	Cyanobacteriota	Cyanophyceae	Leptolyngbyales	Leptolyngbyaceae	Kovacikia	Kovacikia minuta
ti|92400	Bacteria	Mycoplasmatota		Mycoplasmoidales	Metamycoplasmataceae	Metamycoplasma	[Mycoplasma] anseris
ti|92401	Bacteria	Mycoplasmatota		Mycoplasmoidales	Metamycoplasmataceae	Metamycoplasma	Metamycoplasma cloacale
ti|92758	Bacteria	Mycoplasmatota		Mycoplasmoidales	Mycoplasmoidaceae	Mycoplasmoides	Mycoplasmoides fastidiosum
ti|3066281	Bacteria	Mycoplasmatota	Mollicutes	Entomoplasmatales	Spiroplasmataceae	Spiroplasma	Spiroplasma endosymbiont of Asaphidion curtum
ti|3029761	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter pasteurii
ti|550	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter cloacae
ti|158836	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter hormaechei
ti|2027919	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter cloacae complex sp.
ti|1329841	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter sp. BIDMC 29
ti|2850492	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter cloacae complex sp. ECL78
ti|1812935	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter roggenkampii
ti|61645	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter asburiae
ti|2497875	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter chuandaensis
ti|69218	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter cancerogenus
ti|299767	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter ludwigii
ti|2494701	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter chengduensis
ti|208224	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter kobei
ti|2071710	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter sichuanensis
ti|539813	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter mori
ti|881260	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter bugandensis
ti|885040	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter soli
ti|573	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Klebsiella	Klebsiella pneumoniae
ti|548	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Klebsiella	Klebsiella aerogenes
ti|1463165	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Klebsiella	Klebsiella quasipneumoniae
ti|562	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Escherichia	Escherichia coli
ti|546	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Citrobacter	Citrobacter freundii
ti|1639133	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Citrobacter	Citrobacter portucalensis
ti|208223	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Kosakonia	Kosakonia cowanii
ti|2579935	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Jejubacter	Jejubacter calystegiae
ti|379893	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Trabulsiella	Trabulsiella odontotermitis
ti|2681309	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Leclercia	Leclercia sp. Colony189
ti|51288	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Kluyvera	Kluyvera ascorbata
ti|2923283	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Morganellaceae	Providencia	Providencia manganoxydans
ti|158850	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Morganellaceae	Providencia	Providencia rustigianii
ti|584	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Morganellaceae	Proteus	Proteus mirabilis
ti|1574161	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Morganellaceae	Proteus	Proteus terrae
ti|9	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Erwiniaceae	Buchnera	Buchnera aphidicola
ti|2052056	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Erwiniaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea phytobeneficialis
ti|452627	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Amphritea	Amphritea japonica
ti|2773454	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Marinomonas	Marinomonas algicola
ti|3009078	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Endozoicomonadaceae	Endozoicomonas	Endozoicomonas sp. GU-1
ti|107637	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylococcaceae	Methylomonas	Methylomonas sp. LW13
ti|435897	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Lysobacterales	Lysobacteraceae	Lysobacter	Lysobacter capsici
ti|2016517	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Francisellaceae	Francisella	Francisella opportunistica
ti|1755811	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Paraphotobacterium	Paraphotobacterium marinum
ti|164546	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Cupriavidus	Cupriavidus taiwanensis
ti|2527775	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Polynucleobacter	Polynucleobacter paneuropaeus
ti|1576550	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Betaproteobacteria			Candidatus Kinetoplastibacterium	Candidatus Kinetoplastibacterium sorsogonicusi
ti|3056648	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria	Hyphomicrobiales	Nitrobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium roseum
ti|60890	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Roseobacteraceae	Phaeobacter	Phaeobacter gallaeciensis
ti|3092665	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium sp. KACC 22761
ti|2781243	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum	Tenacibaculum finnmarkense
ti|2057808	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lacinutrix	Lacinutrix sp. Bg11-31
ti|2686365	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Algibacter	Algibacter sp. L1A34
ti|754397	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter	Polaribacter sp. SA4-10
ti|1736674	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudalgibacter	Pseudalgibacter alginicilyticus
ti|2583587	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aggregatimonas	Aggregatimonas sangjinii
ti|3032586	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Zobellia	Zobellia alginiliquefaciens
ti|3070659	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aestuariibaculum	Aestuariibaculum sp. YM273
ti|2572594	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Myroides	Myroides fluvii
ti|2004710	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Cloacibacterium	Cloacibacterium caeni
ti|2500547	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Apibacter	Apibacter raozihei
ti|1653831	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Blattabacteriaceae	Blattabacterium	Blattabacterium cuenoti
ti|371601	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides xylanisolvens
ti|817	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides fragilis
ti|2530390	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	Muribaculum	Muribaculum gordoncarteri
ti|165179	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Segatella	Segatella copri
ti|823	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Tannerellaceae	Parabacteroides	Parabacteroides distasonis
ti|1573823	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Marinilabiliales	Prolixibacteraceae	Draconibacterium	uncultured Draconibacterium sp.
ti|2772483	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus	Algoriphagus sp. Y33
ti|388413	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus	Algoriphagus machipongonensis
ti|999	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Bernardetiaceae	Bernardetia	Bernardetia litoralis
ti|3127471	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Bernardetiaceae	Bernardetia	Bernardetia sp. Wsw4-3y2
ti|2259595	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Spirosomataceae	Runella	Runella rosea
ti|2502781	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter	Hymenobacter jejuensis
ti|188932	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter	Pedobacter cryoconitis
ti|561061	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium	Sphingobacterium psychroaquaticum
ti|551996	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Mucilaginibacter	Mucilaginibacter gossypii
ti|104663	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Chitinophaga	Chitinophaga filiformis
ti|2875539	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Arachidicoccus	Arachidicoccus terrestris
ti|861	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium ulcerans
ti|850	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium mortiferum
ti|544433	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Ilyobacter	uncultured Ilyobacter sp.
ti|712368	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia	Leptotrichia sp. oral taxon 498
ti|157687	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia	Leptotrichia wadei
ti|34105	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Streptobacillus	Streptobacillus moniliformis
ti|56877	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter bizzozeronii
ti|157268	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter winghamensis
ti|28197	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter butzleri
ti|708186	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter trophiarum
ti|197	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter jejuni
ti|2887345	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borrelia	Borrelia sp. BU AG58
ti|1674146	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borreliella	Borreliella mayonii
ti|886478	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Sphaerochaetaceae	Sphaerochaeta	uncultured Sphaerochaeta sp.
ti|28183	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira santarosai
ti|495820	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Silvanigrellales		Spirobacillus	Spirobacillus cienkowskii
ti|2234087	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriota	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriales	Thermodesulfobacteriaceae	Thermodesulfobacterium	Thermodesulfobacterium sp. TA1
ti|240139	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfobacter	uncultured Desulfobacter sp.
ti|3068894	Bacteria	Synergistota	Synergistia	Synergistales	Dethiosulfovibrionaceae	Pyramidobacter	Pyramidobacter sp. YE332
ti|1794699	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobiota	Thermodesulfobiia	Thermodesulfobiales	Thermodesulfobiaceae	Thermodesulfobium	Thermodesulfobium acidiphilum
ti|9606	Eukaryota	Chordata	Mammalia	Primates	Hominidae	Homo	Homo sapiens
ti|176309	Archaea	Methanobacteriota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanocorpusculaceae	Methanocorpusculum	uncultured Methanocorpusculum sp.
ti|3111776	Archaea	Methanobacteriota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Haloarculaceae	Haloarcula	Haloarcula sp. GH36
ti|644281	Archaea	Methanobacteriota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanocaldococcaceae	Methanocaldococcus	Methanocaldococcus sp. FS406-22
ti|1959104	Archaea	Nitrososphaerota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilus	Nitrosopumilus oxyclinae
ti|1937959	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Saprospiria				
ti|3118655	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Filifactoraceae		
ti|3039168	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Moorellales	Moorellaceae		
ti|2042895	Bacteria	Bacillota	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Gottschalkiaceae		
ti|1268	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae		
ti|1903411	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Yersiniaceae		
ti|82115	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria	Hyphomicrobiales	Rhizobiaceae		
ti|41297	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae		
ti|89374	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Saprospiria	Saprospirales	Saprospiraceae		
ti|1213720	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Stomatobaculum	
ti|33951	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Eubacteriaceae	Acetobacterium	
ti|186831	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Filifactoraceae	Acetoanaerobium	
ti|1754	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Thermoanaerobacter	
ti|202949	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Moorellales	Moorellaceae	Thermanaeromonas	
ti|2837506	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Niallia	
ti|1637	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	
ti|33969	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Melissococcus	
ti|1505664	Bacteria	Bacillota	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Gottschalkiaceae	Gottschalkia	
ti|596707	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Sinomonas	
ti|613	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Yersiniaceae	Serratia	
ti|187492	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Thalassolituus	
ti|34019	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria	Hyphomicrobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Liberibacter	
ti|2676233	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingosinithalassobacter	
ti|909656	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Phocaeicola	
ti|1007	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Saprospiria	Saprospirales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospira	
ti|3039167	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Moorellales			
ti|204457	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales			
ti|1936988	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Saprospiria	Saprospirales			
ti|3059030	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Stomatobaculum	Stomatobaculum sp. F0698
ti|2497860	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Cellulosilyticaceae	Cellulosilyticum	Cellulosilyticum sp. WCF-2
ti|2564099	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Oscillospiraceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus bovis
ti|1493	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Eubacteriales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium cellulovorans
ti|1511	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales	Filifactoraceae	Acetoanaerobium	Acetoanaerobium sticklandii
ti|108150	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Thermoanaerobacter	Thermoanaerobacter italicus
ti|161154	Bacteria	Bacillota	Clostridia	Moorellales	Moorellaceae	Thermanaeromonas	Thermanaeromonas toyohensis
ti|1397	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Niallia	Niallia circulans
ti|2954661	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. FSL R10-2782
ti|1643	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria welshimeri
ti|1584	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus delbrueckii
ti|33970	Bacteria	Bacillota	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Melissococcus	Melissococcus plutonius
ti|1522	Bacteria	Bacillota	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae		[Clostridium] innocuum
ti|1556	Bacteria	Bacillota	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Gottschalkiaceae	Gottschalkia	Gottschalkia acidurici
ti|37927	Bacteria	Actinomycetota	Actinomycetes	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Sinomonas	Sinomonas atrocyanea
ti|2742676	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter sp. RHBSTW-00994
ti|2866201	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter sp. Colony194
ti|615	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Yersiniaceae	Serratia	Serratia marcescens
ti|187493	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Thalassolituus	Thalassolituus oleivorans
ti|1273132	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria	Hyphomicrobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Liberibacter	Liberibacter crescens
ti|2711215	Bacteria	Pseudomonadota	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingosinithalassobacter	Sphingosinithalassobacter tenebrarum
ti|387090	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Phocaeicola	Phocaeicola coprophilus
ti|3097546	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus	Algoriphagus sp. NG3
ti|1008	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Saprospiria	Saprospirales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospira	Saprospira grandis
